Docs: StoriesOf API removal (#25863)
storybookjs/storybook: docs/api/csf.md

<Callout variant="info" icon="💡">

> If you are writing stories in the older `storiesOf()` syntax, it was removed in Storybook 8.0 and is no longer maintained. We recommend migrating your stories to CSF. See the [migration guide](../migration-guide.md#storiesof-to-csf) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have stories written in the older `storiesOf()` syntax, it was removed in Storybook 8.0 and is no longer maintained. We recommend migrating your stories to CSF. See the [migration guide](../migration-guide.md#storiesof-to-csf) for more information.
```
